Since the law system was created in society people have been wondering 
whether the punishment always fits the crime or not. That hard question 
is still a hot topic in our days. Moreover, as in the modern society human 
rights are claimed to be the most valuable things this question becomes more relevant.
As other people, I also think about this question.

In my opinion, the punishment system is not perfect at all because it is not strict enough
with cruel crimes and too merciless against offenders who has commited a crime accidentally.
For example, if someone kills a person purposefully they just will be sentenced from 5 to 8 years 
to prison. At the same time if some sold drugs, they could get the same strict punishment. 
I think, it is not fair enough. I believe, we have to change a balance and make the correction system more severe 
to professional culprits and more flexible for people who breaks law occasionaly.

Firsly, we should not sentenced a person to prison, if they do not kill ot harm anyone. 
For example burglars, fraudsters, smugglers and even muggers have to be sentenced to be 
in special facilities where they could get a profession or some degree. Also, they have to work 
with psychologists there. This is applicable to culprits who commited a crime first time.

Secondly, if a person kills someone by accident, for example while they were driving a car and it broke down, 
the same punishemt is suitable for them. I guess, it is a good chance for people to correct their behaviour
and return to normal life in society after they will be released.

Seeing that a person commited a crime again, the punishment has to be more severe. 
There are several things we can do here. If an offender has killed, raped or harmed someone, 
they have to be sentenced to death and there should be any excuses. 

If the crime is not so fatal, the person should be sentenced to life imprisonment. But it should be classical prison, I think, 
it should be some closed place, maybe isolated city where people could live and work but under a strict control from guards.
I guess it is a good idea, because they still can to be usefull for society by doing something, for example working on factories or in mines.

In conclusion, I believe that changing a balance in a correction system we could struggle with offenders in more effective way.
On the one hand, we will give a chance to them to change their life, on the other hand, we will not create new professional offenders 
breaking people lifes when they put a foot wrong just once.

