##### TG
###### a
2. She flew to Sao Paulo to gvisit her brother **j**
3. Although Josh played really well, he lost in the endg **h**
4. We downloaded a travel app so that we would know the best things to see **i**
5. Despite losing the first set, she won the match. **f**
6. Even though I wasn't feeling well, I still went to work **e**
7. I took a taxi so as not to be late **a**
8. He went for a walk in spite of the fact it was raining **c**
9. We left early in order to avoid the traffic **d**
10. The men went out fishing in spite off the rough sea **b**

###### b
2. A lot of companies have reduced staff numbers in order to save money.
3. Despite the long flight she felt great when she arrived in New York.
4. Nick didn't tell Louisa the truth so as he didn't want to hurt her feeling.
5. Even though the shoes were ridiculously expensive I bought them.
6. The company has a big market share in spite of doing very little advertising. 
7. They had to leave the hotel early so that they wouldn't have missed their train.
8. Though she is a strong candidate she didn't get a job

###### c
2. My husband isn't making very good progress in English even though he studies hard everyday.
3. Nicola watches films in English to increase his listening skill.
4. Jan passed his English exam despite the fact he had missed a lot lessons.
5. Our English teacher took us to London for the weekend so that we could look at English culture closer.

###### d
1. I play video games in English in order to improve my skills.
2. I still have problems with prepositions and vocabulary even though I've been learning English for two years.

##### WB
###### a
2. to
3. even though
4. in order to
5. although
6. so as not to
7. in spite of
8. so that
9. though
10. for

###### b
2. in spite of the fact it was in an ideal location
3. so that they could sell more products
4. in order not to miss my train
5. although I was very late
6. despite being the managing director
